Write a detailed game walkthrough guide for the game Galaga.
Galaga is a classic arcade game that was released in 1981 by Namco. The game is a space shooter where the player controls a spaceship and must defeat waves of alien enemies while avoiding collisions with their attacks. The game features a variety of power-ups and bonuses that can be collected to enhance the player's ship and increase their chances of success.

Here is a detailed walkthrough guide for Galaga:

1. Start the game: To start the game, press the "Start" button on the arcade machine or select the game from the menu on an emulator. The game will begin with the title screen, which features the game's logo and a scrolling background of stars.
2. Choose your difficulty level: Before the game begins, you will be given the option to choose your difficulty level. Select your desired difficulty level using the control panel or the on-screen menu.
3. Start the game: Once you have selected your difficulty level, the game will begin. You will control a spaceship that is positioned at the bottom of the screen. The objective of the game is to defeat waves of alien enemies while avoiding collisions with their attacks.
4. Move your ship: Use the control panel or the on-screen buttons to move your ship left and right. You can also use the joystick to move your ship in all directions.
5. Shoot enemies: To shoot enemies, press the "Fire" button on the control panel or use the on-screen button. Your ship will shoot a stream of bullets at the enemies.
6. Collect power-ups: As you defeat enemies, they will drop power-ups that you can collect to enhance your ship. These power-ups include extra lives, shields, and weapons.
7. Avoid enemy attacks: Enemies will attack your ship with bullets, lasers, and other projectiles. Avoid these attacks by moving your ship out of the way or using your shield to block the attacks.
8. Complete levels: The game is divided into levels, each of which consists of a series of waves of enemies. To complete a level, you must defeat all of the enemies in the level.
9. Boss battles: At the end of each level, you will face a boss enemy that must be defeated to progress to the next level. These boss battles can be challenging, so be sure to use your power-ups wisely.
10. Use your special weapons: As you collect power-ups, you will earn special weapons that can be used to defeat enemies more easily. These weapons include a laser that can be fired in any direction, a spread shot that fires multiple bullets at once, and a bomb that can be used to destroy all enemies on the screen.
11. Lose a life: If your ship is hit by an enemy attack, you will lose a life. You can continue playing as long as you have lives remaining.
12. Game over: If you lose all of your lives, the game will end and you will be given the option to insert more coins to continue playing.

That's it! With these tips and strategies, you should be able to play Galaga like a pro. Good luck, and have fun!